(docs): Java Client improvements (#6484)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/orchestration-cluster-api-rest/orchestration-cluster-api-rest-overview.md

| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 200        | OK                                                                                                          |
| 204        | No content                                                                                                  |
| 400        | Bad request. Generic error with further description in the problem detail.                                  |
| 401        | Unauthorized. The client is not authenticated. Retry with a modified authorization header.                  |
| 403        | Forbidden. The client has insufficient permissions for the request.                                         |
| 404        | Not found                                                                                                   |
| 409        | Conflict. The request attempts to modify a resource that is not in the correct state.                       |
| 412        | Precondition failed. The client should check the cluster status.                                            |

> | 429        | Rate limit exceeded. The client exceeds a defined request limit, for example, Zeebe signaling backpressure. |

Reviewer: ❌ That's actually outdated, we have 503 in such a case now, as backpressure is not necessarily caused by the amount of client requests but internal processing load. I'll create a proposal.

> | 429        | Rate limit exceeded. The client exceeds a defined request limit, for example, Zeebe signaling backpressure. |
> | 500        | Internal server error. Generic error with further description in the problem detail.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 500        | Internal server error. Generic error with further description in the problem detail.                        |
| 503        | The service is currently unavailable. This may happen when the system signals backpressure to prevent the server's compute resources from being exhausted, avoiding more severe failures. Clients are recommended to eventually retry those requests after a backoff period. You can learn more about the backpressure mechanism [here](../../components/zeebe/technical-concepts/internal-processing.md) |
```
